Update latency.md (#2392)
redis/redis-doc: docs/management/optimization/latency.md

To convert virtual addresses to physical addresses, each process stores
a page table (actually represented as a tree) containing at least a pointer
per page of the address space of the process. So a large 24 GB Redis instance

> requires a page table of 24 GB / 4 kB * 8 = 48M .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requires a page table of 24 GB / 4 kB * 8 = 48 MB.
```
